Create 2020-10-19-solidity-0.7.4-release-announcement.md (#100)
ethereum/solidity-blog: _posts/2020-10-19-solidity-0.7.4-release-announcement.md

---
layout: post
published: true
title: 'Solidity 0.7.4 Release Announcement'
date: '2020-10-19'
author: Solidity Team
category: Releases
---

[Solidity v0.7.4](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/releases/tag/v0.7.4) fixes a storage corruption bug of medium severity.

> To learn more about the bug and check if your contract is vulnerable please read this [post](https://solidity.ethereum.org/2020/10/19/empty-byte-array-copy-bug) with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the bug and to check if your contract is vulnerable please read this [post](https://solidity.ethereum.org/2020/10/19/empty-byte-array-copy-bug) with
```

further details about the bug. The bug has been reported by John Toman of the Certora development team.
Their bug disclosure post can be found [here](https://www.certora.com/blog/corruptedStorage.html).

Additionally, v0.7.4 adds ....

## Important Bugfixes
 * 

## Notable New Features

### Constants at File-Level

In order to make functions at file-level more useful, Solidity now also allows to
define constant variables at file-level:

```solidity
uint constant EXPONENT = 10;
uint constant MULTIPLIER = 2**EXPONENT;

struct Fixed { uint value; }

function toFixed(uint x) pure returns (Fixed memory ret) {
    ret.value = x * MULTIPLIER;
}
```

Such constants have to follow the same rules as constants at contract-level.

> This means that for example the value to be fixed at compile-time and not
> all types are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means, for example, the value has to be fixed at compile-time and only
some types are supported.
```

> You can import constants from other source files as you import any other identifier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can import constants from other source files like you import any other identifier:
```

Additionally, v0.7.4 adds constants at file-level.

## Important Bugfixes
 *  Code Generator: Fix data corruption bug when copying empty byte arrays from memory or calldata to storage. Read more [here](https://solidity.ethereum.org/2020/10/19/empty-byte-array-copy-bug).

## Notable New Features

### Constants at File-Level

In order to make functions at file-level more useful, Solidity now also allows to
define constant variables at file-level:

```solidity
uint constant EXPONENT = 10;
uint constant MULTIPLIER = 2**EXPONENT;

struct Fixed { uint value; }

function toFixed(uint x) pure returns (Fixed memory ret) {
    ret.value = x * MULTIPLIER;
}
```

Such constants have to follow the same rules as constants at contract-level.
This means, for example, the value has to be fixed at compile-time and only
some types are supported.

You can import constants from other source files like you import any other identifier:

> ```import {MyConstant, MyStruct} from "myHelper.sol";```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``import {MyConstant, MyStruct} from "myHelper.sol";``
```

further details about the bug. The bug has been reported by John Toman of the Certora development team.
Their bug disclosure post can be found [here](https://www.certora.com/blog/corruptedStorage.html).

Additionally, v0.7.4 adds ....

## Important Bugfixes
 *  Code Generator: Fix data corruption bug when copying empty byte arrays from memory or calldata to storage. Read more [here](https://solidity.ethereum.org/2020/10/19/empty-byte-array-copy-bug).

## Notable New Features

### Constants at File-Level

In order to make functions at file-level more useful, Solidity now also allows to
define constant variables at file-level:

```solidity
uint constant EXPONENT = 10;
uint constant MULTIPLIER = 2**EXPONENT;

struct Fixed { uint value; }

function toFixed(uint x) pure returns (Fixed memory ret) {
    ret.value = x * MULTIPLIER;
}
```

Such constants have to follow the same rules as constants at contract-level.
This means, for example, the value has to be fixed at compile-time and only
some types are supported.

You can import constants from other source files like you import any other identifier:

```import {MyConstant, MyStruct} from "myHelper.sol";```

## Full Changelog

> ### Language Features: 

Reviewer 2: There were some more changes - please take this version: https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/10065
